I'm studying at the effect of pool fire
when it's burning adjacent to a nice
wall so I can say that I am studying
fire nice one of the conventional
methods they they use for oil spill
cleanup in the marine environment is the
use of combustion to remove the oil from
surface when you ignite the oil in
environment that has ice in it the ice
will not and that will change the
burning behavior and the dynamic of
cleanup tremendously so what we had in
these experiments is a 10 centimeter
square glass tray where you have octane
inside it and a 3 centimeter thick ice
wall adjacent to that when you're
imposing such great horizontal
temperature difference on the liquid
surface you're inducing surface tension
driven flows that facilitate transfer of
heat from the flame toward the ice ball
that's why you see that enhanced melting
along the top layer of the liquid the
other effect is that because of higher
density of water that meltwater will
fall down and now you have increasing
level of the fluid because that water
accumulation underneath the oil and that
can cause different things for example
it can make the oil to overflow from its
containment and go to somewhere else it
can extend the fire and that's unwanted
the goal of Institute burning is to
remove as much as oil as possible
you